# Art of Hoarding Work

Atlast-the-hoarder-sketch.jpg
alt: sketch idea of atlast the work hoarder
title: atlast, the Hoarder Dragon of Arts and Animation

I don’t know how to start this video but hey it has started

Hi I’m atlast. 
It’s been a month since I uploaded my returning video.

You know the internet is a weird place to place talking about my life but hey whatever.

Have you got something that you want to share with your friend? Your family? 
Your social circle? 
The world maybe?
But didn’t share it because you felt like it is not good enough or will hurt you back in someway?

The thing is I got so many that I started to ask myself- Why am I like this? 
Maybe this habit started when I was a high schooler, where bad things happened in my life and I think changed me for the better or worse.

I won’t get into the details about it in this video but just knowing that era of mine, spun me into becoming more closed, more vague, and not directed about the things I wanted to say.

It’s hard to describe but that way of thinking made me hesitate to post something online. 
What if it’s not good enough? or just offended other? Sometime later and I just had enough of it and said - Fuck it! I do whatever the fuck I want. 
Then proceed to post a bunch of nonsense, then couple of weeks, reflected on it, regretted it then back to posting nothing for a good while. 
It’s a cycle that comes and goes. 
A built up and release cycle that lingering with me since.

I’ve seen many people, old and young, that have been consistent on their habits of interacting with the outside world, internet or just in person. 
They all starts small, insignificant to the society.
I watched them grown and grown, day by day, till they become the people’s voice, the artist, the influencer as they called them.

I think that’s fascinating to me that anyone, I mean anyone, can do that. 
You just need to put your time and effort behind it, then execute it consistently, then history speaks for itself.
It’s all immortalized in the internet.

But I, for one, knows how it works and know how to do it. 
But... I never quite succeed in making it a reality. 
Not in a consistent manner anyway.

My upload was, to say the least, a mess. 
My thought on posting online is that - If you got least than ideal work, then don’t post about it, don’t mention it at all because anyone attention would be on this mysterious things that I don’t know if I’ll be able to make it till the end or even completed it. 
So I tend to not talk about the things I don’t feel like will get finished.

Day after day, turns to months and years. 
My piles of unfinished work kept growing and growing. 
To the point that I am the only one in a human history knows that this exists. 
And I think that makes me a depressed and sad about it. 
I don’t want to be remembered as a artist who just post now and then, not caring about art, just come and go. 
I don’t know is that what I am? Maybe I am.

I just...

I don’t want to get left behind.

I don’t want to be forgotten.

I think that is what I feared the most, as a normal human being, living in this fleeting world.

I’ll try to keep myself together. 
Just so you know, I have been posting my old and somewhat unpublished contents on [Bluesky](https://bsky.app/profile/atlastseason.art), [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/atlastseason) and also on [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/@atlastseason).
I’m planning on distancing from platforms that I saw just full of ads, hostile to artists, or just run by giant mega corp that one day could just end your existence on the internet.
Also, I am learning to create my own website to be able to host my own content up there- so people can enjoy it no matter the preferences or gateway.

Till next time people of the internet, stay safe and have a nice day.